in the first case the md protein
e recognizes and binds carbohydrates from the cell surfaces of
microorganisms
associated calls more fist and more 2
they are activated analogously a little bit ago in
classic way
acts as cqs kigen lc4 aa
be 4 b
be used
c4 of is the large portion and the membrane is fixed
0 sada according to and 4 b
this diffuses towards the plasma
the way goes on like on the road
The complex formed by 13 4 b Jerusalem is known as convertase
of f3
substrate this e3
that is a toxin maquila
diffuses towards the plasma
c 3
p will join the membrane forming the complex c4 that there are two without three
the cd4 complex that 2
e acts on c5
five years ago I made five of
and then 6
and is will join with c5n
this generates the expression of hydrophobic domains
that allow you to enter the typical alí habitat
to this complex too
Out of 8
and not by or in
in Canada
t several tenth of a second molecules in this complex generating a pore
even greater
finally regretted
is that for something
proteins
cell electrolytes
this mode the cell dies by